Rank features by feature importance with sklearn.
We'll define a function that uses the built-in sklearn feature importances,
and source the features by their feature importance.
Note that there's a numpy.argsort function that returns a list of
the original index locations of a list
in the order that would make them sorted in ascending order.
Here's a small example,
if we were to sort this list that's 10, 30, and 20.
You can see that it's saying,
first put the value from index to zero which is 10,
and the value from index two which is 20,
and then finally the value at index one which is 30.
So now, it would be 10, 20, 30.
Now, another tip, one way to reverse the order of a list or array is to
use the notation, ::-1.
So for instance, three, two,
one can be reversed to be one, two, three.
So go ahead and fill in this function and this will let
us sort the features by their feature importance.
When you're done, check out the solution video.